#89 append dev-34 (#175)
IHE/sdpi-fhir: SDPi_Supplement/asciidoc/volume2/dev-34/tf2-dev-34-summary.adoc

// DEV-34 Transaction Summary

> This transaction is used to notify all <<actor_somds_consumer>>s that a <<actor_somds_provider>> will leave the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This transaction is used to notify all <<actor_somds_consumer>>s that a <<actor_somds_provider>> is leaving the network.
```
